Various fixes (#89)
uploadcare/uploadcare-wordpress: CHANGELOG.md

* Added PHP 8.1 support.
* Bumped minimal PHP version to 7.4.

> * Masked secret key with dots in plugin settings for security purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Masked secret key in plugin settings for additional security.
```
